well howdy there Internet people it's
Bowie gallon so today we're going to
talk about the president growing into
the role as world leader something we
all knew was possible we all knew that
deep down Trump was a leader we knew it
we just took time for him to get to the
point where he could demonstrate and
we're now there and we got to give him
the opportunity to grow into that role
telling you when I heard the news last
night It was as if I woke up in a world
of my own so if you don't know the
President of the United States the
leader of the free world is going to be
closing the borders to immigration and
this is him finally understanding the
severity of the situation it's fantastic
and I know I know he's branding it in
his own way but if you think about it
it's the only way he could do it it's
the only way that he could grow into
that role
it's his 4d chess he's branding it as
protecting you know protecting American
jobs but even the person in his base
that has that red hat on way too tight
they know there are no jobs to protect
they're aware of that so why did he do
it
it's we're number one in this it's not
like they're gonna come here and bring
it it's already here so what's the room
motivation what's he really trying to do
it's simple
he's becoming the leader we all knew he
was he's telling everybody you're safer
at home shelter-in-place don't come here
don't come here because it's it's it's
it's bad we don't have a handle on it on
it yeah we need more testing we need a
little bit longer of people using the
precautions that are necessary and I
don't know what happened I don't know if
false he finally said him that was like
look this is where we're at
but whatever happened he's there and he
had to frame it in this weird way
because he knows that on the
international stage he's seen as a
complete buffoon
he can't take leadership in the standard
way of just going out and saying what he
means he's got to hide it a little bit
because if he came out and said that
nobody believed him so he had to come
out and say it's about American jobs and
stick to that xenophobic rhetoric that
the liberal left the radical left is
pinned on him that's not him he's an
honest straight shooter and his base
they understand this they know that he's
not really concerned about jobs that
don't exist they know the reason they
don't have a job right now is because of
his complete total and utter lack of
leadership in the beginning but that
shouldn't dissuade them from allowing
him to grow everybody needs a second
chance and they understand the reason
they don't have any money right now is
because him and his party were more
interested in getting like money for big
companies that they're invested in like
his hotels
then they were in putting money into the
hands of the average worker they know
that it's not like his base is
completely out of touch with a reality
and brainwashed he's trying to protect
those foreign workers and it's our job
to make sure that he can now the next
thing he's going to have to do is do
what a real leader does create other
leaders that's what a leader does they
don't rule by edict
they create other leaders so he's got to
reach out to all those governors whose
political career he put on the line with
this whole you know liberate Murray open
thing and tell them that they have to
fight him see he's got an empowerment it
was all a plan it was for DHS it was
making sure that those governors could
be seen as true leaders and Trump having
that political capital that he does was
willing to take the head that's the sign
of a true leader right there
like that captain of that aircraft
carrier you know the one day fired
that's what a leader does expends their
political capital for others so what
you're gonna see is you're gonna see
these governors start to realize and
start to publicly say hey look guys even
if we do reopen you're still really
gonna have to only go out for essentials
you're gonna have to limit your travel
you're gonna have to maintain folks or
this and saying you're still going to
have to wash your hands that's what's
gonna have to happen and that's what's
gonna happen because Trump is a real
leader and he's finally showing it we
have to make sure that we rally behind
the man whose overall plan makes
complete sense if you think about it in
the Allison wonder one sense it's either
that or he believes that his base is so
out of touch with reality that as long
as he gives them somebody to scapegoat
and look down on and kick down at
somebody that has absolutely nothing to
do with their problems that they'll
still vote for him again I mean that's
really cynical I don't think that that's
the case politicians especially Donald
Trump they're known for being truthful
people I think that any any statement to
the contrary well that's just unamerican
it's unpatriotic those foreign workers
they are safer at home and the president
said so because it's out of control here
and now our governors have to act
because he's creating more leaders
because he is a good leader anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day